Updat use tiflash for v4.0.3 (#3354)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

In the above three ways of reading TiFlash replicas, engine isolation specifies the overall range of available replicas of engines; within this range, manual hint provides statement-level and table-level engine selection that is more fine-grained; finally, CBO makes the decision and selects a replica of an engine based on cost estimation within the specified engine list.

> **Note:**
>

> > Before v4.0.3, the behavior of reading from TiFlash replica in a non-read-only SQL statement (for example, `INSERT INTO ... SELECT`, `SELECT ... FOR UPDATE`, `UPDATE ...`, `DELETE ...`) is undefined. In v4.0.3 and later versions, TiDB will internaly ignore the TiFlash replica for a non-read-only SQL statement to guarantee the data correctness. That is, for [Smart selection](#smart-selection) TiDB will automatically choose the non-TiFlash replica, for [Engine isolation](#engine-isolation) that specifies TiFlash replica **only** TiDB will report error, and for [Manual hint](#manual-hint) TiDB will ignore the hint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before v4.0.3, the behavior of reading from TiFlash replica in a non-read-only SQL statement (for example, `INSERT INTO ... SELECT`, `SELECT ... FOR UPDATE`, `UPDATE ...`, `DELETE ...`) is undefined. In v4.0.3 and later versions, internally TiDB ignores the TiFlash replica for a non-read-only SQL statement to guarantee the data correctness. That is, for [smart selection](#smart-selection), TiDB automatically chooses the non-TiFlash replica; for [engine isolation](#engine-isolation) that specifies TiFlash replica **only**, TiDB reports an error; and for [manual hint](#manual-hint), TiDB ignores the hint.
```
